Language, structure and keyword changes (#19)
shopware/admin-api-reference: docs/guides/quick-start/02-product-management.md

## Price

> A particular product's price can be fetched, updated or a [price rule can be created](https://shopware.stoplight.io/docs/admin-api/88941a5a5738c-create-a-new-rule-resources).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A particular product's price can be fetched, updated, or a [price rule can be created](#quantity-and-rule-price-structure).
```
